Add Enhanced Dev Preview documentation (#8)
openshift/network-edge-tools: docs/blogs/EnhancedDevPreviewGatewayAPI/IntroEnhancedDevPreview.md

* Enabling creation of Load Balancers via Istio’s [automated deployments](https://istio.io/latest/docs/tasks/traffic-management/ingress/gateway-api/#automated-deployment)
* Automatically creating DNS Records for Gateways

These updates provide OpenShift developers with the opportunity to explore and utilize Gateway API using our existing
range of product offerings. By integrating the Ingress Operator with OpenShift Service Mesh, we are able to offer this
Developer Preview of Gateway API with our existing robust and security-focused Istio solution.

### Behind a Feature Gate

The features mentioned in this Developer Preview update are accessible through [OpenShift's feature gate mechanism](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/nodes/clusters/nodes-cluster-enabling-features.html).
By implementing Gateway API support under a feature gate, it is not activated by default, requiring users to explicitly
opt in to use it. The feature gate is a part of the “customNoUpgrade” featureSet, which means the cluster will no longer
be upgradable after enabling.

> Only enable this feature on a non-production cluster. Once this feature gate is enabled, it can never be disabled.

Reviewer: This is a good place to mention that enabling the feature gate will restart all nodes.

Author: Okay, I already mentioned in https://github.com/openshift/network-edge-tools/pull/8/files#diff-eb7ec84d04a7daa7ba6958f451020085d2ad3a2bde1a85f732982563b97986a2R35-R36, but I can also add a mention here.

Done.

# Gateway API with OpenShift Networking - Developer Preview Update

Authors: Candace Holman and Grant Spence

![Gateway API Dev Preview Update](images/gateway-api-dev-preview-update.png)

> As a follow-on to the Openshift 4.12 Developer Preview of Gateway API, OpenShift has released an enhanced Developer

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion—it feels more natural to me to say that Red Hat has done something involving OpenShift than to say that OpenShift has done something.  (Sometimes we talk about "the OpenShift org", but that's more of an internal thing.)
```suggestion
As a follow-on to the Openshift 4.12 Developer Preview of Gateway API, Red Hat has released an enhanced Developer
```

Author: Done.

Preview for Gateway API support in OCP 4.13.5. If you haven't read our first blog post, [Introducing Gateway API with OpenShift Networking - Developer Preview](https://cloud.redhat.com/blog/introducing-gateway-api-with-openshift-networking-developer-preview),
which contains an overview of the Gateway API components, please take a minute to review it.

## New Features in Developer Preview

> With this Developer Preview update, developers can now install and configure the capability to use Gateway API with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this Developer Preview update, a cluster administrator can now install and configure the capability to use Gateway API with the
```
or
```suggestion
With this Developer Preview update, you can now install and configure the capability to use Gateway API with the
```

Author: I like the you. Done.

> With this Developer Preview update, developers can now install and configure OpenShift Istio Gateway API with the

Reviewer 2: Istio is an implementation detail.  We're not hiding that we use Istio, but neither are we emphasizing it, and we definitely aren't calling the feature "OpenShift Istio Gateway API".  Can we just say "install and configure Gateway API", or "install and configure the capability to use Gateway API"?

Reviewer: i thought we were calling it that, that it was PM's request to incorporate Istio?

Reviewer: For the last blog we called it "Gateway API with OpenShift Networking"

Author: Updated to just Gateway API, but I will make sure I use `Gateway API with OpenShift Networking` as the proper name.

Ingress Operator, seamlessly installing all the necessary Gateway API components without any external downloads. By
delegating the responsibility of installation and configuration to the Ingress Operator, developers can now dedicate

> their focus to exploring and leveraging the powerful API that Gateway API has to offers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
their focus to exploring and leveraging the powerful API that Gateway API has to offer.
```

Author: darn, i missed this. Done.

The Ingress Operator now handles the management and configuration of the following:

> * Installing the OpenShift Service Mesh (OSSM) operator version 2.4.0 to access Istio

Reviewer 2: Again, Istio and OSSM are implementation details.  Can you reframe this to emphasize that the Ingress Operator provides the capability to use Gateway API, and de-emphasize (even if only slightly) that the implementation uses OSSM, Istio, and Envoy?  Consider the difference between these two statements:
* The purpose of this feature is to install OSSM, so that you can use Gateway API.
* The purpose of this feature is to enable you to use Gateway API, which we accomplish through using OpenShift Service Mesh.

Author: Attempted to de-empathize.

> * Installing version 0.5.1 Gateway API custom resource definitions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Installing version 0.5.1 Gateway API custom resource definitions (CRDs)
```

Author: Done.

> * Configuring a Service Mesh Control Plane (SMCP) for creating the Istio control plane

Reviewer 2: SMCP is an implementation detail of an implementation detail.  Does it need to be mentioned this early in the blog post?

Author: Removed

* Automatically creating DNS Records for Gateways

> These updates provide OpenShift developers with the opportunity to explore and utilize Gateway API using our existing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These updates provide OpenShift developers with the opportunity to explore and utilize Gateway API using Red Hat's existing
```

Author: Done.

> * Automatic creation of DNS Records for Gateways with empty [spec.addresses](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io%2fv1beta1.GatewaySpec)

Reviewer 2: Are we anticipating that the reader will create gateways with nonempty `spec.addresses`?  It seems too early in the blog post to mention `spec.addresses`, and when we do mention it, I think it should be to say that the reader shouldn't expect setting `spec.addresses` to work.

Author: Okay, we can mention it in the Getting Started section. Removed.

These updates provide OpenShift developers with the opportunity to explore and utilize Gateway API using our existing
range of product offerings. By integrating the Ingress Operator with OpenShift Service Mesh, we are able to offer this

> Developer Preview of Gateway API with our existing robust and security-focused Istio solution.

Reviewer 2: I like the way you frame the relationship to OSSM here:  We provide the opportunity to use Gateway API, and we do so using mature, Red Hat-supported technologies.

### Behind a Feature Gate

The features mentioned in this Developer Preview update are accessible through [OpenShift's feature gate mechanism](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/nodes/clusters/nodes-cluster-enabling-features.html).
By implementing Gateway API support under a feature gate, it is not activated by default, requiring users to explicitly

> opt in to use it. The feature gate is a part of the “customNoUpgrade” featureSet, which means the cluster will no longer

Reviewer 2: It's a minor detail, but [the "CustomNoUpgrade" feature set itself](https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/afcbe27aec7ce434d68c98796208a534fdbbf0ea/config/v1/types_feature.go#L161-L164) is empty; enabling this feature set then allows the cluster-admin [to specify individual features in the cluster config](https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/afcbe27aec7ce434d68c98796208a534fdbbf0ea/config/v1/types_feature.go#L64-L69).
```suggestion
opt in to use it. The feature gate can be enabled by configuring the “CustomNoUpgrade” feature set, which means the cluster will no longer
```

Author: Done.

opt in to use it. The feature gate is a part of the “customNoUpgrade” featureSet, which means the cluster will no longer
be upgradable after enabling.

> Only enable this feature if you are on a non-production cluster. Once this feature gate is enabled, it can never be

Reviewer 2: Minor copyedit—this is shorter and more precise:
```suggestion
Only enable this feature on a non-production cluster. Once this feature gate is enabled, it can never be
```

Author: Done.
